Dear Christmas,
It's still October. Kindly keep your jingle bells off my life for the next week.
Sincerely,
Alex
If nothing else this election has proven that most American's couldn't give a rat's ass about economic policies...
Unpopular opinion #987:
You can't force people or institutions to respect or sanction "safe spaces" without limiting free speech. Historically safe spaces have been created by and within the communities they serve. While I understand the necessity of safe spaces as a woman and member of the LGBT community, it is absolutely 100% not OK to force people outside of these constructed safe zones to "respect" you with laws etc in place in which it censors their own expression. Safe spaces for marginalized groups will always be under attack by their very nature, but up until recently, it was up to the individuals within the communities to help adapt and keep these spaces sacred.
In summary...don't be a dick. Respect people because you CAN, not because you have to. But don't force other people into not being dicks either. When you take away that choice, you're opening pandora's box and setting a very scary precedent. Barring actual violations of human rights (and let us not misconstrue the idea that human rights somehow include the right to go about your day without being offended by the actions and words of others) you defeat the purpose of safe spaces if you seek to limit the free expression of others who dislike your safe space.
Sincerely,
A college-educated, California bleeding-heart liberal
I never drank whiskey before this election
If you're at comikaze look for me near the blues mobile 😂
Hot girl space makeup or something
I just saw an unironic sexy shrek. Help
Made stickers. Can't decide how to sort them into packs
Heyooo I just deleted my first FB friend for openly supporting Trump.
It might have mostly been because I haven't spoken to him since 6th grade though.
But also just why.
Drunk girl bathroom friendship is real though.
Another year, another bunch of idiots offended that a coffee cup doesn't have enough Jesus in it. #starbucksgreencup
I voted 3 weeks ago and I just want this election to be over please T_T
23 years of trying and I'm still bad at making small talk with hair stylists.
YOU DONT NEED A BELT WITH YOUR SUSPENDERS YOU IMBECILES
A little girl kept saying hi to me and I got to twirl with Ariel and my ears are internet famous. This is what I live for.
Nichols cage is in Disneyland and I haven't seen him and I'm sad.
entire election... me:here are some facts. trump supporter: YOU DIRTY LIBERAL! Me: OK we've been over this but where's your rebuttal?
I'd wear my shirt that says "a women's place is in the house and the senate" but then I'd get accused of only voting for Hillary because she's a woman or something...because 30 years of public service isn't qualification enough...
I wish CNN would get @djkhaled for their "key race alerts" because major key alerts..
if Trump wins so help me I blame each and every one of you selfish assholes who voted 3rd party on "principle" this year.
WHAT THE FUCK IS AMERICA
I'm roughly 50% gay. My boyfriend is black. One of my best friends is transgender. I'm a woman who wants a career instead of kids. I have friends whose parents are undocumented, and some of the hardest working people I have ever met. I spent a year fighting to get proper birth control that works for me. I wouldn't have health insurance if it weren't for Obamacare. I have friends on food stamps. My grandfather is taken care of by an immigrant. My roommate from college has lived in the US almost her entire life but can't get citizenship because she studied abroad for just a bit too long. I'm a small business owner. My dad works for a part of the government that republicans have been trying to gut for years. I have more student loans than anyone should have.
If you have a problem with any of this....kindly disassociate yourself from me.
I have lived in hiding for far too long. I have tried my best to not offend people...to not rock the boat. But I WILL NOT live in a country where I am told that I am worth less than others.I will not stand idly by and be bullied by a majority of people who believe that because my loved ones have skin that is a different color, or they might be attracted to a different gender that they are somehow worth less.
I don't care how long I have known you. I don't care if I'm related to you or not. If you can't take me or those I love for what we are...I don't need you in my life.
I will not live in fear. I will not accept ignorance.
How many child rape charges does it take to impeach a president-elect? Asking for a friend...
To everyone who thought trump wasn't "an elite"...the dude is a fucking billionaire are you kidding me?
Literally the only people on FB today who are saying "Well I didn't LIKE Trump but it's not a big deal!!" are STRAIGHT. WHITE. MEN.
THE ONLY ONES!!!
LOOK AROUND YOU MY PRIVILEGED BRETHREN AND UNDERSTAND THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE STAND TO LOSE QUITE A BIT.
Unpopular opinion: Cheesecake Factory is very overrated
Fully grown man shrieking in high pitched japanese imitating a female anime character. Kill me. Kill me now.
Trump is backtracking on like every major campaign promise and he hasn't even been inaugurated yet #congratulationsyouplayedyourself
White people be like "where's my participation award for not being a racist?"
Apparently Etsy sales slump during elections. At first I thought it was just me but other sellers I know are seeing less than 50% of where we should be last year.
So just FYI...a lot of etsy sellers are hurting right now and if you can...buy handmade for the holidays.
When I was 17 I was convinced I was going to be a music photographer for the rest of my life and be a cool kid. Then I actually found out I was pretty good at it and things started to take off...but then I decided to go to finish my degree instead.
Now I'm 23 and the most punk-rock thing I can think of is using my education to speak out for everyone else who isn't as lucky as I am to live the life I've led. Even if that means working at a desk job to make the world a better place.
It's funny how I felt like my dreams were "too big" when I was a teenager, but now they feel so much smaller and achievable in comparison to the things I want now.
Yay impulse buying 2 Death Cab for Cutie tickets for March because I saw Michele's post XD
Yo if you passively let your "friends" get away with saying racist, sexist, homophobig, xenophobic...or generally just otherwise ignorant stuff, you're kind of a garbage human for not speaking up.
juuust saying.
All of the folks saying "oh well MLK didn't block roads" don't know very much about MLK... or protesting...
I should probably stop drinking the whole bottle of wine in one night.
Do waiters judge you for eating 3 bread baskets before entree?
FANTASTIC BEASTS WAS SO BLOODY GOOD I CANNPT STOP SMILING
tbh if a guy thinks you put on makeup for him after he's seen you when you wake up, he played himself. WE AINT GOT NOTHING TO HIDE
I know a lot of people are talking about how the whole Hamilton drama with Pence is meant to detract from Trump University's recent settlement in their fraud case.
I'm a proponent for talking about both issues as they both bring up important points to recognize about our president elect.
For what it's worth though, please make the effort to read the news. You really only need 20-30 minutes a day to catch up on what is going on in the world. Read the news in the morning, and read before you go to bed.
Find a news source that is trustworthy. You generally can't go wrong with a subscription to the New York Times or Washington Post. Hell even Buzzfeed has decent news articles (And at the very least, they're pretty good at citing their sources. Plus they also have cat videos if reading the news stresses you out).
The biggest disservice you can do for your country is to be uninformed. Over the next four years, become a voracious consumer of information. Cross-reference stories with other sources. Make sure that you know exactly what is going on. It's the only way you can hold these people accountable.
Americans don't get nearly as upset as we should be over Japanese internment camps...just saying
Can someone please explain to me the point of a promise ring other than some broke-ass guy trying to get you to commit before he can afford a wedding?
It's fine if you still live at your parents house in your 20s.
It's not fine if the generosity of your parents blinds you to the struggles of others, just because you have disposable income and live rent free. It's not fine to tell others to "work harder" for what they want in life, when they already work twice as hard as you but have half as much because their parents weren't rich and white.
I'm looking at you Santa Clarita...
So apparently according to a guest on NPR, people who spout racism have "legitimate views"
Nah I'm gonna go ahead and say that's wrong.
Grub
Moana was super cute :) Disney did a fantastic job with the animation and the music was so different and really great. I'm not sure if it will kill the unending Frozen hype (for my sake god I hope it does) but I'm stoked to see another movie in the vein of Brave with a storyline without any romantic subtext.
Also The Rock belongs on broadway. Just sayin.
Alex Messick shared ABC7's video.
November 23 · 
Lawrence is lucky I love him because I sat through this last night driving to see him.
I am 90% sure I saw a police officer mouth "what the fuck" in Finding Dory when the truck drives off the cliff...
Guys I made turkey leg ears 😂
People all mad at dog breeders but how about human breeders?! NOBODY NEEDS SEVEN KIDS.
Lady in trump hat reading the Bible in line at Disneyland.....just leave though?
Is SafeRides still a thing and will they take a grown-ass adult home from a bar?
I'm asking for a friend xD
HP makes the worst laptops known to mankind 🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃
Ohh all of the times I've been chastised for showing "too much cleavage" and I'm just like "WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO WITH THESE THINGS? THIS IS JUST HOW THE SHIRT FITS!"
ROGUE ONE TICKETS ACQUIRED.
Anyone wanna come wait in line with me in Hollywood tomorrow at 9 Am to meet Carrie fisher? Lol
When your citizens burn your country's flag, perhaps instead of talking about how "wrong" they are for doing so, you should ask yourself what has been done to compel them to burn it in the first place?
Calling it now, once Kanye gets through this very public breakdown, his next album is gonna be straight FIRE. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
trying to cook a creme brulee for one because instead of going on a diet I'm just trying to figure out how to use the rest of the heavy cream I bought and only needed 1/4 cup of...
Looooool
At first I was like "pssshhhh who buys anything from Best Buy kiosks at airports" but after staring at these Bose noise cancelling headphones for long enough, I'm tempted...
$350 though....not today Satan
Thinking of getting an artist collective/collaborative zine group together on FB.
Ideally, each issue (either monthly or bimonthly depending on the interest and resources available) would be curated by 1-2 artists surrounding a theme of their choice.
Issues would initially be printed on-demand for a small fee (likely $5 or les) and if things start looking like they could be sustained longer, we could start doing yearly subscriptions.
I will also be making digital files of the zine available to each artist featured in it so they can print it on their own and sell or distribute it.
Right now I'm looking for people who are interested in assisting with organization.
Anyone who can assist with layouts (very basic), printing, and outreach/distribution please reach out! If you have any other useful skills to bring to the table, let me know!
If you're interested in submitting work and/Or curating an issue, let me know as well and I will add you to the list once I have frameworks set up on the backend.
Lastly, if you have any friends who might be interested, send them my way!
Join Working Title Art And Literature Zine if you're interested in getting involved
I saw this cool necklace I wanted in downtown Disney and I was about to ask lawrence to get it for me for Christmas because it was $80 but then a quick google search yielded the same beads for way less.
Making jewelry for a living kind of takes the fun out of fancy presents lol.
With that said if anyone wants a Swarovski crystal skull necklace, hit me up. I bought a few different colors and I'll have them made up by Christmas for like $35-40 with silver or possibly gold plated custom chain of your choosing
Suddenly started planning Disney world vacation because I'm dumb :D
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
My brother is dumb and took a video instead of a photo but look my grandpa turned 100 today.
Flights are booked. WE'RE GOING TO DISNEYWORLD!!!!!!!!!!!
Jan 22-28 can't come soon enough!
Is it too early to start counting the 45 days until our trip to @WaltDisneyWorld 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Never forget poptart in a hoodie
I HAVD A PROBLEM!!!!
also 42 days 😁😁😁😁😁😁
Lawrences backyard is full of kittens and I'm going to start charging for tickets soon..
the title text of the princess bride is an ambigram. just saying
Lawrence and I went from being able to go a literal year without seeing each other to not being able to go three days because we have no friends and like the same food.
Romantic date idea: food trucks and 
"To Catch a Predator" marathon
#yearinreview2016 My life is boring and involves a lot of Disney and Star Wars.
I guess this is accurate
All of this. Even as someone of relative privilege I cannot begin to fathom how people just take months at a time off work to be able to travel. I have rent, student loans, and a plethora of other bills to pay that mean I am strapped to my job most of the time...and the rare occasions I do get to "travel" are occupied by visiting family.
Barring a long weekend in Nor Cal two years ago (which I don't entirely count because it was a very short road trip) I'm going on my first actual vacation in FIVE YEARS in January....and I can only afford to go for a week.
So if you can afford to travel, that's great...but get bent if you're telling people to "just do it" and quit their jobs or "save your money" or whatever because 99% of the people o. This earth don't have circumstances that permit them to do that.
OH HI CARPAL TUNNEL I WAS WONDERING WHEN YOU WERE GOING TO VISIT ME FOR CHRISTMAS.
I never understood the point of clutch purses. If my bag isn't huge and strapped to my body, it's basically an invitation to lose all of my valuables
Can't really wrap my mind around people who "can't be bothered" by politics....sure maybe it kills your vibe and contradicts the worldview that everything is sunshine and rainbows but for the love of god people, these things matter.
Don't mind me, just watching the @WaltDisneyWorld vacation planning DVD on loop even though I've been there a dozen times. 41 days!!
TBH it's barely set in that #RogueOne is happening Thursday night
Lawrence woke me up to tell me to check my front porch and this was on it. Guess I can stop hugging the box every time I see it at Disneyland 😍😍😍
Now I'm mad though because I told him not to get me anything 😭 I must win Christmas!
Today I drove 100 miles round trip to deliver my boyfriend a sandwich out of spite so I could win Christmas
Low key want to start saving all of the rude etsy messages I get from random people so I can self-publish a book with all of them in it like Cards Against Humanity did a couple years back...
Every time I see this in a nature documentary I'm just like "WHY? WHY ARE YOU LETTING THREATENED SPECIES DIE BEFORE YOUR EYES?!?"
YES!
The reason I drove 100 miles to deliver a sandwich yesterday is because atrocities like this are allowed to exist and I love lawrence and refuse to subject him to it
So I heard Trump is vetting kanye for a cabinet position 😂
Hungry but too lazy to eat, maybe I've finally found a diet that works for me
It's funny because I have like the cleanest car of practically anyone I know...
Lawrence: "I can't keep downloading movies, I'm running out of space on my hard drive"
Me: "none of this has to do with the fact that you have every fast and furious movie and Nicholas cage's entire catalog on your media server?"
My brain just died.
So like, smaller government but REQUIRE BUSINESSES TO SPEND MONEY TO POST YOUR RELIGIOUS PROPAGANDA. Ok
My roommates girlfriend got these for him for Christmas and I just can't imagine a better gift. It's crazy how most of us take color vision for granted. I did too until I got kbbq with Kevin one days and I realized he couldn't tell when the food was cooked. So I'm super stoked that he gets more color in his life now :)
Ok I'm legitimately questioning the world right now because people are arguing about the order of operations. IF YOU CANT STANDARDIZE MATH, WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING?!??
LOOK AT THIS HAUNTED MANSION SHIRT I GOT THOUGH
-tear-
Me: I need to save money at Disneyland.
Also me:
Honestly the impact of overpopulation is a major reason I am consciously choosing not to breed humans.
Oh my gof
Important things
Listening to empty nostalgia radio on Spotify and I realized that I'm not jaded from music...new music just sucks
Butter beer and vodka though
Best roommate ❤️ fun times at universal today!
13 minutes tho
I cannot contain myself
I HAVE SO MANY THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS #RogueOne
If you haven't seen Rogue One...
1.) you better have a good excuse
2.) don't talk to me because I will spoil it
Old republic animated series?
But also who wants to see Rogue One again with me this weekend lol
My body's relationship with caffeine is clearly all or nothing...I recently stopped drinking so much caffeine and now it seems like any little bit destroys me.
Had a giant Diet Coke at the movies and my brain will not turn off.
Two types of Star Wars reviews (for TFA and Rogue One):
1.) People who take the time to understand how the SW universe works, and the context surrounding each story that influences the way they were written. They acknowledge that all movies will have their flaws and there are sometimes even questions in continuity but overall the characters need to be written a certain way in order to play into the plot that has already been established.
2.) Pretentious edge lords who will claim that a movie or franchise has no redeeming qualities because of one moment or another that they latch on to and decide that it makes a movie "awful". These same people thought Suicide Squad was a "great, fun" movie.
I wonder if people who post memes about finals would actually do well on their finals if they spent that time studying instead of posting memes.
Would have been nice if they had acknowledged this was an issue when I went to the Apple Store twice and told them about it. Guess they just wanted to wait until everyone who was pissed off by the 6s like me used our phone upgrades for the 7.
My next phone will likely not be made by apple.
TBH this is the first time I've watched ep 1 in like 3 years but wtf there's a tiny Maz in anakins bedroom
Anakin is a peasant who owns the tatooine equivalent of a formula one car. Ok
Tfw the guy at T-Mobile tries to mansplain data usage to me when I say my plan isn't working right and I'm getting charged for data I shouldn't be...
Turns out I had to have my dad call them to get it fixed. Even though I am authorized to do so... but apparently it's much easier to write me off as a stupid woman than it is to listen the first time and actually fix my issue.... 😑😑😑😑
I can and did get 20/20 because dogs are superior to all creatures
All I want for Christmas is for people to learn to spell "Rogue"
Round 2
Lawrence has a literal pile of cats on his front porch
Nothing like an accident that shuts down the entire freeway and there's nowhere to get off before it. Not like I'm tired or anything
2 AM Rogue One review after second viewing. Soft spoilers but I won't go into specifics until the comments....
Overall I really enjoyed it. They finally made a movie that blurred the lines between right and wrong, and I am so so so happy that they made a movie that laid down the framework for deeper characters and plot lines in future films. They finally gave the rebellion the kind of setup that was long overdue in the films and really humanize their resistance. Previous films had cast the rebellion and empire as somewhat abstract concepts with a few characters to give them faces, but Rogue One captured the expanse of the empire and the struggle of the rebellion. The diverse cast and references to rebels p were also huge pluses.
But after seeing it a second time...I saw a lot of missed opportunities and questionable scenes as well. There were certain scenes that left me wondering whether or not they actually contributed to the plot in a meaningful way. There were also many moments when I questioned the motivations of characters.
I understand that a lot of the backstory is hashed out in the catalyst book, and I'm hoping to make time over the holidays to read it and try and fill in some of the gaps in character backstories.
Even with all of my criticisms, I cannot get over how much I loved the risks they took and the overall tone of the movie.
Also Diego Luna is a babe.
So yeah.
Second rogue one viewing was important. My opinions have solidified.
Drawing mufflers instead of working on Christmas orders because apparently I don't have enough pressure to work under
Niffler earrings!
"Only imperial storm troopers are so precise"
Music photographers are the only ones who demand that businesses pay them for labor they can otherwise get for free....and then they blame the free labor for ruining their jobs.
Sure, it sucks but like....if someone is willing to do your job for free, maybe you should change how you do your work?
Filed a lost and found report for glasses I lost on a flight three months ago.
I have nothing left to lose at this point
Accurate
Spent a long time convincing myself that I didn't like working in music because of this or that but I'm starting to remember that it's actually other photographers who gave me the biggest rash.
If you can't figure out how to make money off of what you're doing, maybe you suck and need a different job?
Ironically managed to watch all 8 
Star Wars movies in correct chronological order this week (unintentionally as second rogue one viewing wasn't planned)
Now I can't decide whether I should marathon LOTR or Harry Potter next.
Today is the last day before Christmas orders have to be shipped for Etsy and life hands me the worst period cramps I've had in recent memory, and a migraine to top it all off.
2016 needs to be stopped.
Dual Disney citizenship obtained!
Merry f$&@ing Christmas
IM DONE!!!
I really don't understand why the eyeshadow brush I just bought is labeled "gluten-free"
Tonight's wine is a tax write off because it's my company holiday party.
I could get used to owning a business...
Mermaid nails turned out pretty great
34 days until Disney world with lawrence and I have never been so ready ❤️❤️❤️
I bought a new detangling hairbrush yesterday and my life has forever been changed.
It's the little things, people...
Best news all year.
ermahgerd planning fast passes right now. I take back everything I ever said about hating fastpass+
although I still don't know how it would be implemented at disneyland
I just really want to live in a world where people stop thinking it's OK to have exotic animals as pets. Domestic dogs and cats were bred to live with humans. Tigers were not.
I made a friend
Starting to feel like I'm coming down with something and I want to throw a brick at something now...
Get to see my fuzz muffin today
Gotta love LAX holiday traffic 😒😒😒😒😒🍄🍄
Fuuuuuuuck today. It took 45 minutes to drive 3 miles from Lawrences house to LAX. Missed the baggage cutoff by ONE minute and now they want $200 to change my flight because I can't check my bag and it's too big to carry on or take through security.
Kill me
If anyone wants a great story, ask me about my flight so far today :)
You're not allowed to take the center armrest in a window seat #howtosuckaflying #manspreading
Me
My boyfriend the savage 😂😂😂
All is forgiven. My connecting flight was delayed an hour and I have time to get amazing sangria and guacamole
I think it's generally more appropriate to be drunk at an airport than most other places.
TBH this makes me want to have kids even less
Noam Chomsky is a goddamn linguist not a nuke expert. Just saying
There's a small child singing behind me. It's cute now but I anticipate it behind unbearable in approximately 15 minutes
Prediction confirmed: the small child is now kicking my seat. We haven't even taken off
It keeps getting better! This flight has all of the LOTR movies for free 😭
Snore theory: smeagol is snoke
Just a friendly reminder that articles like this contribute nothing meaningful to discourse.
If you wanted to spin this to encourage more women going into medicine, that's fine...but this headline is idiotic.
And water is wet
Sharing to listen to later
Some lady on my flight brought Portos all the way across the country to Baltimore. She clearly loves her family more than I do. Guess I should just turn around 🙄
Anyone who complains about LAX has clearly never been to BWI. It's never crowded and security lines and baggage claim still Tai 2x as long
My mom and I are going to the mall tomorrow to finish up last minute Christmas shopping (because this is honestly the first year we've put it off for so long)
I'm taking bets on the number of laps around the parking lot we make before giving up and going home...or my moms car runs out of battery first (electric car probs lol)
Poor dog lol
Today is the day of giant corporations ruining xmas. @amazon what do I pay $99/yr for you to suddenly update item arrival AFTER xmas?!
Etsy customers from hell always have to ruin the holidays
My dad and I got my mom the same thing for Christmas lol kill me.
2016 what the actual fuck
I needed this today
Etsy and the USPS have completely sapped my will to live. I dropped all of my packages off on time I don't understand how people expect me to perform miracles
DONT MIND ME JUST SITTING HERE NOT ABLE TO SLEEP BECAUSE THANK YOU ANXIETY.
Chief blanket supervisor, Merlin
Currently hoarding wrapping paper rolls
Sleepy pupper
This year pretty much sucked, but I'm still happy to be home with my family so we can watch this, like we do every Christmas Eve.
You know you're getting old when you get excited about getting a letter in the mail saying that you can finally afford to get off your parents' car insurance policy xD
California plates and ID here I come
This is actually me
It's cool if you have a beard and you do you but like, I really, REALLY do not want to talk or listen to you talk about your beard.
Another Christmas, another day spent contemplating how religion has well and truly screwed up the world.
I do love peppermint mochas though...
I got my brother toilet paper, Nutella, and preparation h wipes for Christmas. I told him not to wake up early. But he did anyways.
Just trying to take care of him in college lol.
Money is tight this Christmas in my family. Didn't expect much (or anything really tbh) in terms of gifts but my parents did get me a new comforter that actually fits my bed (because I have a twin comforter on a full bed and my entire life is an excercise of "if it works I'm fine"). So I'm quite happy because I can have a bed that looks like an adult sleeps on it and not a bike college student who can barely afford to buy new sheets. And now I get to spend the day in my pjs with my family and possibly see Rogue One again. Tis a good Christmas.
My mom made amazing homemade kimchi and I regret nothing after getting my family addicted to Korean food.
Spend $28 on popcorn and drinks at the movies. My brother puts so much salt on the popcorn that it's now inefible 😒😒
Gonna go stand in the middle of the street and play careless whisper on my saxophone
Saw rogue one a third time. TBH nothing new this time. Not much to pick apart like there was with TFA...but I got a cool poster
Sooooo tired of deceptive job listings 🙃🙃🙃 working as a sales rep is not working in marketing
I want to work out now that I've got a bit of free time and to try and combat the inevitable holiday gluttony...
But I'm also freezing to death and just want to shower instead of working out in the freezing dungeon of the basement
If you had any doubt 20-16 was anything other than awful...
Every time Lawrence and I get a beer flight at a restaurant or something (which is somewhat often as of late, since we both like beer and trying new things) I end up hating 50%+ of the beers that they give us because its ~trendy~ to fill a beer flight with drinks that are so overpoweringly bitter, you can't handle more than one.
FUCKING HELL 2016
"To me she is royalty"
Ugh such a crap day. I'm so glad I got to meet her though. It's crazy how fast life happens. This was just a few weeks ago... RIP my queen
In honor of Carrie Fisher tonight I will be drinking heavily and marathoning Star Wars.
If you order from etsy and give the seller a hard time about how long it takes something to ship without reading their processing and turnaround times, you are human scum.
If you get a tracking number and see that USPS is dicking around with your order and still harass sellers (as if we somehow have control over what USPS is doing with your package after we drop it off) you are also human scum.
Man today sucked. So much
This game has taken almost 2 hours to download and I don't even want to play it anymore
Tfw you can't be American and sympathize with Palestinians and the humanitarian issues they face because of a toxic political climate without people thinking you somehow hate Israel too....
Got my dad a sub to @washingtonpost for Christmas and he added me as a second user. Guess I got a present for myself too. #supportjournalism
I don't normally gush about life changing makeup but Cover FX Custom Enhancing Drops are just as good as every youtuber says and everyone deserves that kind of glowy goodness.
Holy cow 26 days till a week in @WaltDisneyWorld 😍
I'm gonna make a second internet because this one is tainted.
I'm becoming more and more militantly anti-child in my old age. Perhaps it's that "biological clock" everyone keeps talking about 😒
I rate to this on a spiritual level
I've been to Disneyland 99 times and instead of going for a 100th trip in January, we're going to Disney World for a week XD
I don't disagree with any of these points in theory because I do want to see more movies that have diverse, accurately represented characters...
But there's a big caveat with all of this.. all of these problems are less symptomatic of an out of touch Hollywood and more symptomatic of a society that still puts a premium on straight white men (yeah I said it, bring me your tears gentlemen).
You can't expect the straight white men running Hollywood to be able to accurately represent diverse characters because...they just don't get it.
So ultimately you can't browbeat directors of blockbusters into diversity for diversity's sake (and even when they do that, like in Rogue One, there's still moronic consumer blowback because we live in a country that elected trump). We need to give the people who write these stories a seat at the table, and better access. There are still a lot of production companies that are taking steps in the right direction right now, but you can't expect everything to happen all at once until these power structures are dismantled.




















